docs:Module 4 (Running a chain) B9lab content updates 3-1 (#827)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: b9lab-content/4-running-a-chain/01-index.md

# Running a Chain Overview

> In this module, you clone the `cosmos-sdk` repo first. Then you start and test an educational sample. By following these steps, you have access to the `cosmos-sdk` codebase and the Cosmos SDK components so you don't have to generate new code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this module, you get started by cloning the `cosmos-sdk` repo. Then you run and test an educational sample. By following these steps, you have access to the `cosmos-sdk` codebase and the Cosmos SDK components so you don't have to generate new code. 
```

> In this section, you clone the `cosmos-sdk` repo first. Then you start and test an educational sample. By following these steps, you have access to the `cosmos-sdk` codebase and the Cosmos SDK components so you don't have to generate new code. 

Reviewer 2: @CitMC Should it be "In this module"? `4-running-a-chain` is a module, right?

Reviewer 3: @xavierlepretre Yes, it should be either module or chapter.
